Add runtime type-checking for `validate_call` (#10484)
pydantic/pydantic: docs/errors/usage_errors.md

## Cannot evaluate type annotation {#unevaluable-type-annotation}

> Because type annotations are evaluated _after_ assignments, you might get unexpected results when using a type annotation name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because type annotations are evaluated *after* assignments, you might get unexpected results when using a type annotation name
```

    assert exc_info.code == 'dataclass-on-model'
```

## Unsupported type for `validate_call` {#validate-call-type}

> `validate_call` has some limitations on the callables it can validate. This error is raised when you try to use it with an unsupported callable. Currently the supported callables are functions (including lambdas), methods and instances of [`partial`][functools.partial]. In the case of [`partial`][functools.partial], the function being partially applied must be one of the supported callables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`validate_call` has some limitations on the callables it can validate. This error is raised when you try to use it with an unsupported callable. Currently the supported callables are functions (including lambdas) and methods and instances of [`partial`][functools.partial]. In the case of [`partial`][functools.partial], the function being partially applied must be one of the supported callables.
```

[related specification section]: https://typing.readthedocs.io/en/latest/spec/callables.html#unpack-for-keyword-arguments
[PEP 692]: https://peps.python.org/pep-0692/

## Unsupported type for `validate_call` {#validate-call-type}

> `validate_call` has some limitations on the types it can validate. This error is raised when you try to use it with an unsupported type. Currently the supported types are:
> `LambdaType, FunctionType, MethodType, functools.partial`. For the case of `functools.partial`, the function being partially applied must be one of the supported types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`validate_call` has some limitations on the callables it can validate. This error is raised when you try to use it with an unsupported callable. Currently the supported callables are functions (including lambdas), methods and instances of [`partial`][functools.partial]. In the case of [`partial`][functools.partial], the function being partially  applied must be one of the supported callables.
```

### `@classmethod`, `@staticmethod`, and `@property`

> These decorators cannot be put before `validate_call` because they return a class rather than one of the supported types. The correct way to use them is to put `validate_call` before the decorator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These decorators must be put before `validate_call`.
```

I don't know if we should mention the fact that they are classes. It's not documented so could very much be a CPython implementation detail.

```py
from pydantic import PydanticUserError, validate_call

# error
try:

    class A:
        @validate_call
        @classmethod
        def f1(cls): ...

except PydanticUserError as exc_info:
    assert exc_info.code == 'validate-call-type'

# correct
@classmethod
@validate_call
def f2(cls): ...
```

### Classes

> To avoid ambiguity, `validate_call` should be applied to methods, not classes. If you want to validate the constructor of a class, you should put `validate_call` on top of `__init__` or `__new__` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While classes are callables themselves, `validate_call` can't be applied on them, as it needs to know about which method to use (`__init__` or `__new__`) to fetch type annotations. If you want to validate the constructor of a class, you should put `validate_call` on top of the appropriate method instead.
```

```py
from pydantic import PydanticUserError, validate_call

# error
try:

    @validate_call
    class A1: ...

except PydanticUserError as exc_info:
    assert exc_info.code == 'validate-call-type'

# correct
class A2:
    @validate_call
    def __init__(self): ...

    @validate_call
    def __new__(cls): ...
```

### Custom callable

> Although you can create custom callable types in Python with `__call__`, currently the instance of these types cannot be validated with `validate_call`. This may change in the future, but for now, you should use `validate_call` explicitly on `__call__` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although you can create custom callable types in Python by implementing a `__call__` method, currently the instances of these types cannot be validated with `validate_call`. This may change in the future, but for now, you should use `validate_call` explicitly on `__call__` instead.
```
